Document scale annotations lifetime (#3461)
knative/serving: docs/scaling/README.md

```

You can also use these annotations directly on `kpa` objects.

**NOTE**: These annotations apply for the full lifetime of a `revision`.
Even though a `revision` is not referenced by any `route`, a minimal pod count

> as specified by `autoscaling.knative.dev/minScale` is guaranteed. Non-routed

Reviewer: I'd make this:

```markdown
Even when a `revision` is not referenced by any `route`, the minimal pod count specified by `autoscaling.knative.dev/minScale` will still be provided.
```

Author: Done.

> specified by `autoscaling.knative.dev/minScale` will still be provided. Non-routed

Author: From this [comment](https://github.com/knative/serving/issues/2720#issuecomment-458250775), there's reasons to keep current behavior.

I added the description that these annotations are not subject to Conformance in case we make the change in future.

> `revisions` will be garbage collected after 24 hours(can be configured by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`revisions` will be garbage collected after 24 hours (configurable by
```

> `stale-revision-create-delay` in [config-gc.yaml](/config/config-gc.yaml)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
updating `stale-revision-create-delay` in [config-gc.yaml](/config/config-gc.yaml)).
```

Author: Done

> If you want save resource for a non-routed `revision` before it is garbage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to save resources for a non-routed `revision` before it is garbage
```

Author: Done.

> collected, you should manually delete it.

Reviewer 3: This is a bit of a nit so up to you on changing it, but I worry theres a more nuance to this comment about GC and its going to be hard to really explain it well in a short note e.g. GC only applies the non-routed revisions which have been routed at some point. This makes me thing it may be better to change the whole blurb starting with `non routed revisions` to `Keep in mind GC can also effect the lifecycle of revisions, for more information see [config-gc.yaml](/config/config-gc.yaml)`

Author: I agree. But `config-gc.yaml` doesn't provide detail information to me, e.g. as you mentioned, GC only applies the non-routed revisions which have been routed at some point. I'll keep as it is.

Author: Done
